Readme.md, before:

Tasks to be Done Post Demo
1. Complete all the endpoints for CRUD operations on Muzix
2. Use h2-console to view in-memory data
3. Add an endpoint to search trackByName. Understand @Query and parameter passing to
@Query
4. Generate API documentation using Swagger 2

5. Create custom exceptions TrackNotFoundException, TrackAlreadyExistsException in a
com.stack....exceptions package. Perform appropriate exception handling and propagation
back.
6. Running Logic on Startup in Spring. Create seed data to pre-fill the database with movie
information whenever the application starts. Use both approaches:
Approach 1: ApplicationListener<ContextRefreshedEvent>
Approach 2: CommandLineRunner (Find out how it differs from ApplicationRunner)

7.Global exception using Controller advice

8. Remove all hardcoded data from the application code to application.properties
a) by using @Value.
b) by using @PropertySource
c) by using Environment
d) by using @ConfigurationProperties
(https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/core/env/
Environment.html)

9. Add @Lombok
(https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QQpEQZbDD9pmW2qrhYsx5N9XYQ5bJ5dM/view)

10. Create another service implementation TrackDummyServiceImpl. Use @Primary and
@Qualifier annotations to specify which implementation to use.

11. Use @Profile to run the application with the existing service implementation, and the new
TrackDummyServiceImpl implementation.

12. Swap in-memory H2 database with MySQL.

13. Create two additional properties file application-dev.properties that contains configuration for
H2 and application-prod.properties that contains configurations for MySQL.

Commit message:

Task 11 done using @Profile, please read Readme

Readme.md, after:

** For task 11 we have to set profilename to IDE to run the project

Tasks to be Done Post Demo
1. Complete all the endpoints for CRUD operations on Muzix
2. Use h2-console to view in-memory data
3. Add an endpoint to search trackByName. Understand @Query and parameter passing to
@Query
4. Generate API documentation using Swagger 2

5. Create custom exceptions TrackNotFoundException, TrackAlreadyExistsException in a
com.stack....exceptions package. Perform appropriate exception handling and propagation
back.
6. Running Logic on Startup in Spring. Create seed data to pre-fill the database with movie
information whenever the application starts. Use both approaches:
Approach 1: ApplicationListener<ContextRefreshedEvent>
Approach 2: CommandLineRunner (Find out how it differs from ApplicationRunner)

7.Global exception using Controller advice

8. Remove all hardcoded data from the application code to application.properties
a) by using @Value.
b) by using @PropertySource
c) by using Environment
d) by using @ConfigurationProperties
(https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/core/env/
Environment.html)

9. Add @Lombok
(https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QQpEQZbDD9pmW2qrhYsx5N9XYQ5bJ5dM/view)

10. Create another service implementation TrackDummyServiceImpl. Use @Primary and
@Qualifier annotations to specify which implementation to use.

**11. Use @Profile to run the application with the existing service implementation, and the new
TrackDummyServiceImpl implementation.

12. Swap in-memory H2 database with MySQL.

13. Create two additional properties file application-dev.properties that contains configuration for
H2 and application-prod.properties that contains configurations for MySQL.
